README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="doc/assets/To_Do_App_Banner.png">
</p>

# Uno Platform "Uno To Do" reference app
`Uno To Do` is a beautifully designed sample app for [Uno Platform](https://platform.uno/) using the latest [Material Design 3 system](https://m3.material.io/).

The design template makes it easy to jump-start or learn Uno Platform-powered mobile, web, and desktop applications. The app provides common functions such as logging on, recording tasks, adding due dates, setting reminders, and more.

In addition, the sample code utilizes [Uno.Extensions](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/ExtensionsOverviewAndGettingStarted.html) and establishes the best practices for cross-platform application design and development considering multiple screen sizes, accessibility, enforcing brand guidelines, and more. 

Finally, you can use the [Uno To Do Figma template design]((https://www.figma.com/community/file/1110780207444745729)) together with the [Uno Platform for Figma plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1045528009520465828/Uno-Platform) LivePreview feature to experience the app before even coding it. Export design assets and get clean, responsive XAML true to the way the app was designed.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16295702/170085831-e8457ddd-888e-4aff-bb68-30ed136dd108.mp4

## Getting Started
See the complete [documentation](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/figma-docs/getting-started-uno-figma.html) for starting designing and building Uno Platform Applications With Figma.

## Documentation
All the documentation for getting you started with [Uno Platform](https://platform.uno/) can be found on our [website](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/intro.html).

## Acknowledgments
- [Uno Platform](https://platform.uno)
- [Uno To Do App Figma Template](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1110780207444745729)
- [Uno Platform for Figma plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1045528009520465828/Uno-Platform)
- [Uno Platform Material Toolkit for Figma](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1110792522046146058)
- [Uno.Extensions Documentation](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/ExtensionsOverviewAndGettingStarted.html)
- [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/)

## License
This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing
Please read our [contributing guide](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about our development process and how to propose bug fixes and improvements. 
Come visit us on our [Discord Channel #uno-platform](https://discord.gg/eBHZSKG) for help on how to contribute!

Contribute to Uno in your browser using [GitPod.io](https://gitpod.io), follow [our guide here](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/features/working-with-gitpod.html).

Be also mindful of our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors
Thanks go to these wonderful people (List made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks)):

[![Uno.ToDo Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=unoplatform/uno.todo)](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.todo/graphs/contributors)

💖 Thank you.

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md with the new discord server link
Update README.md with the new discord server link

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="doc/assets/To_Do_App_Banner.png">
</p>

# Uno Platform "Uno To Do" reference app
`Uno To Do` is a beautifully designed sample app for [Uno Platform](https://platform.uno/) using the latest [Material Design 3 system](https://m3.material.io/).

The design template makes it easy to jump-start or learn Uno Platform-powered mobile, web, and desktop applications. The app provides common functions such as logging on, recording tasks, adding due dates, setting reminders, and more.

In addition, the sample code utilizes [Uno.Extensions](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/ExtensionsOverviewAndGettingStarted.html) and establishes the best practices for cross-platform application design and development considering multiple screen sizes, accessibility, enforcing brand guidelines, and more. 

Finally, you can use the [Uno To Do Figma template design]((https://www.figma.com/community/file/1110780207444745729)) together with the [Uno Platform for Figma plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1045528009520465828/Uno-Platform) LivePreview feature to experience the app before even coding it. Export design assets and get clean, responsive XAML true to the way the app was designed.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16295702/170085831-e8457ddd-888e-4aff-bb68-30ed136dd108.mp4

## Getting Started
See the complete [documentation](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/figma-docs/getting-started-uno-figma.html) for starting designing and building Uno Platform Applications With Figma.

## Documentation
All the documentation for getting you started with [Uno Platform](https://platform.uno/) can be found on our [website](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/intro.html).

## Where can I get support?

Support is available through [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/discussions) or [Discord Server](https://platform.uno/discord) - where our engineering team and community will be able to help you.

## Acknowledgments
- [Uno Platform](https://platform.uno)
- [Uno To Do App Figma Template](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1110780207444745729)
- [Uno Platform for Figma plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1045528009520465828/Uno-Platform)
- [Uno Platform Material Toolkit for Figma](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1110792522046146058)
- [Uno.Extensions Documentation](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/ExtensionsOverviewAndGettingStarted.html)
- [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/)

## License
This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing
Please read our [contributing guide](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about our development process and how to propose bug fixes and improvements. 
Come visit us on our [Discord Server](https://platform.uno/discord) for help on how to contribute!

Contribute to Uno in your browser using [GitPod.io](https://gitpod.io), follow [our guide here](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/features/working-with-gitpod.html).

Be also mindful of our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors
Thanks go to these wonderful people (List made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks)):

[![Uno.ToDo Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=unoplatform/uno.todo)](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.todo/graphs/contributors)

💖 Thank you.
